Add gnss symbology explanation (#237)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/gnss.en.md

GNSS devices are also capable of measuring the altitude next to the current 2D
position on the earth surface.

## Visualization

When positioning is activated, your position will be shown in blue on the map.

> Your location is visible either as a blue dot if you are not moving or as an arrow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your location is visible either as a blue dot if you are still or as an arrow indicating your movement direction
```
